WHAT

  This is version 0.7 of hashjava.

  Hashjava is a java library to alter symbol names directly from
  java bytecode. It includes two example applications which obfuscates
  symbol names in your bytecode.

  This software is UNSUPPORTED. Please mail bug reports and suggestions
  to kbs@sbktech.org.

INSTALLATION

  If you are reading this file, you have already successfully unpacked
  the hashjava distribution. Check for a file called bin/HashApplet
  (or bin\HashApplet.bat) If this file was created, your installation is
  complete. Otherwise, add the directory the README file is sitting in
  to your CLASSPATH.

QUICK CHECK

  If you already have a bin directory with the batch file, simply
  run it.

% bin/HashApplet

  Otherwise, add the root directory of the installation to your
  CLASSPATH and run the application HashApplet.

% java sbktech.tools.hashjava.hashpplet.Main

  Note that while the HashApplet application will make some effort to
  replicate the directory structure of the applet as it obfuscates it,
  it will NOT copy any dependent files (like images or sound) so you
  will need to copy over the obfuscated bytecode to the original location
  to get your obfuscated bytecode to work. Check the online
  documentation for more details.

MORE INFORMATION

  The latest documentation is available online from
  http://www.sbktech.org/hashjava.html

  The doc/ subdirectory contains the package documentation for the
  hashjava.bytecode library, which is the engine to alter symbols
  in java bytecode.

  The src/ subdirectory contains the complete source code to the
  library and the example applications.

KNOWN BUGS

 Applet obfuscator application:
  * If you use Class.forName() in your applet code, not all the code
  will be correctly obfuscated, or your code may call classes with
  the wrong name.
  * Not all HTML input is correctly handled by the example
  application.
  * Various combinations of CODE/CODEBASE tags can also confuse the
  example application.

 Command line obfuscator:

 Obfuscating engine:

CHANGES from version 0.6
Obfuscating engine
 * Added support to handle 1.1 compiler attributes (InnerClass, mainly)

CHANGES from version 0.5
 Batch obfuscator
 * Added options to swap name generation strategy, and ability
   to rename the overall package name. Provided 3 builtin name
   generation strategies.
 * Added option to create a script to verify generated files.
 Applet obfuscator
 * Also uses same name generation idea, with new panel which
   offers to switch between the provided alternatives.
 Obfuscating engine
 * Reduce space consumed by Mocha defeating code.

 Many thanks to John Neffenger (john@volano.com) for the suggestions
 and tests which led to these changes.

CHANGES from version 0.4
 Obfuscating engine:
 * Now closes files explicitly to prevent the "too many open files"
   problem when dumping classes.

CHANGES from version 0.3
 Obfuscating engine:
 * API changes to fix another variant of the interface/class
   hierarchy bug.

 Applet obfuscator application:
 * Added check to get full path name when the CLASSPATH contains
   a "." to prevent the wrong classes getting loaded if the working
   directory changes.

CHANGES from version 0.2
 Obfuscating engine:
 * fixed bug that prevented classes that implemented interfaces
   whose methods were defined in a superclass from being properly
   obfuscated.
 * Additional checks to detect certain forms of out of date dependencies

 Applet obfuscator application:
 * cosmetic changes to reduce the annoying animation leader, font
   changes.

 New command line obfuscator:

CHANGES from version 0.1

 Applet obfuscator application:
 * added option to generate illegal identifiers (which uses java
   operators for method/variable names) in applets.

 Obfuscating engine:
 * bug fix to catch table which was not properly updating the
   pc into the code when the code size changes.

LEGALESE

  The hashjava package (including the example application) is
  distributed under the GNU Library General Public License, please see
  the file COPYING.LIB for details.

  Keep backup copies of any bytecode you alter. I DO NOT GUARANTEE the
  example application or the symbol altering library will work
  correctly. Make sure you have a way to back out of any obfuscation
  you perform if it fails to work.

FINALLY...

Ok. If you find this stuff useful enough you would consider paying
money for it, send in $10 to the Red Cross (or any international
charity you prefer.) Oh, and whether or not you choose to do so, no
need to let me know :-)

American Red Cross
 online donations : http://www.redcross.org
 US toll free     : 1-800-HELP-NOW

Thanks,
-KB-
Tue Jul  8 08:33:46 PDT 1997
